Lu Zhiqing, why are you crying?
Didn't I say
As long as you admit your mistake
Anyway, I'm willing to give you another chance.
Tell me about it.
It must be relatives who are afraid
I said I don't have a head
This is what I borrowed from the brigade
Why should I apologize?
Talk to me nicely.
Look at the big green warehouse, it's me who lent it to you.
I don't know.
Not only stealing, but also lying
Li Yuan, you are so shameless
Brother Li Yuan
Since the comrades who look at the warehouse have testified
Let's tie him up immediately
Leave it to the old man to deal with it impartially
It's Secretary Li
Theft must not be tolerated
before you
I'll give you one last chance to apologize
Go to the old man
He just gave me the IOU.
Damn girl is tough
Everyone follow me
Arrest this degenerate
What are you doing?
scram
Ahhhh!
Li Yuan, you are crazy
It's okay if you steal
I'd rather pour dirty water on me
I fought with you
Ah stop
Stop! No fighting
It was him who let go
Why do you want to pull me so that you make mistakes first?
before you
I didn't expect your mind to be so corrupt now
Still unrepentant
I didn't expect Uncle Li to be so young
We don't discriminate.
Brother Li Yan, let me say he doesn't know what's good or bad
We have to have a meeting to fight him
Break up, I'll kill you
Be careful